Updated PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#38696)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/development/contributing.rst

There is a tool in pandas to help contributors verify their changes before
contributing them to the project::

>    pre-commit run --from-ref=upstream/master --to-ref=HEAD --all-files
> 
> The script verifies the linting of code files, it looks for common mistake patterns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   pre-commit run --all-files
   
or, to only check files which were modified::

   pre-commit run --from-ref=upstream/master --to-ref=HEAD --all-files
  
The command verifies the linting of code files, it looks for common mistake patterns
```

There is a tool in pandas to help contributors verify their changes before
contributing them to the project::

   pre-commit run --all-files

or, to only check files which were modified::

   pre-commit run --from-ref=upstream/master --to-ref=HEAD --all-files

> The command verifies the linting of code files, it looks for common mistake patterns

Reviewer: sorry, my bad, this next paragraph refers specifically to `./ci/code_checks.sh`, so that still needs updating...do you want to open a new issue to remind ourselves to update `doc/source/development/contributing.rst`, revert all changes to this file in this PR so that this PR only modifies .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, and then we can get it in?

Author: Yes I would like to do that.
